fix: update incorrect information in structs page, add a test (#59)
Quantinuum/guppy-docs: sphinx/language_guide/data_types/structs.md

    zs: array[bool, n]

    @guppy
    def __eq__(self: "PauliString[n]", other: "PauliString[n]") -> bool:
        return array_eq(self.xs, other.xs) and array_eq(self.zs, other.zs)

    @guppy
    def commutes_with(self: "PauliString[n]", other: "PauliString[n]") -> bool:

>         return parity_sum(self.xs, other.zs) ^ parity_sum(self.zs, other.xs)

Author: Maybe its better to use 

`and_arr = array(a[i] & b[i] for i in range(n))` in `parity_sum` rather than `xor_arr = array(a[i] ^ b[i] for i in range(n))`

PauliString.check()
```

Note that we have to specify the generic type in both the struct definition and the method signatures.

## Testing our `PauliString` struct

Now that we have defined a struct to represent an $n$ qubit Pauli string with 2 arrays of $n$ bits, let's test that the struct methods perform as expected.

> We will define instances of the struct representing the $XII$, $ZII$, $XXZ$ and $XZX$ Pauli strings. We can then use these string to test the equality and commutation methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will define instances of the struct representing various Pauli strings. We can then use these strings to test the equality and commutation methods.
```
Also perhaps be a bit more elaborate on the equality tests.

```{code-cell} ipython3
from guppylang.std.builtins import result

@guppy
def main() -> None:
    pauli_X0 = PauliString(
        array(True, False, False), array(False, False, False)
    )  # Pauli string XII
    pauli_Z0 = PauliString(
        array(False, False, False), array(True, False, False)
    )  # Pauli string ZII

    pauli_XXZ = PauliString(
        array(True, True, False), array(False, False, True)
    )  # Pauli string XXZ
    pauli_XZX = PauliString(
        array(True, False, True), array(False, True, False)
    )  # Pauli string XZX

    result("XII == ZII?", pauli_X0 == pauli_Z0) # Expect 0 (False)

    # We expect the return value of 0 (False) for all of these checks.
    result("[XII, ZII] == 0?", pauli_X0.commutes_with(pauli_Z0))
    result("[ZII, XII] == 0?", pauli_Z0.commutes_with(pauli_X0))
    result("[XXZ, XZX] == 0?", pauli_XXZ.commutes_with(pauli_XZX))

>     result("[XZX, XXZ] == 0?", pauli_XZX.commutes_with(pauli_XXZ))

Reviewer: These tests are incorrect. For example, `XXZ` and `XZX` actually commute, since the commutation of the individual elements is ("commutes", "anticommutes", "anticommutes"), and since the parity of anticommutations is even, the whole thing commutes again, aka. `-1 * -1 == 1`.

I propose adding more checks to make this even clearer, i.e. positive checks that assert e.g. `XII vs IZI`. These would also fail here, even though the two strings clearly commute.

To fix the tests as a second step, I recommend the following steps:
1. Rename `parity_sum` to `bitwise_and_parity` to make it clearer what is going on, and use `and_arr` instead of `xor_arr` (also swapping from `^` to `&` of course) for correctness
2. You now have the parity of commutation relationships once for Xs from one string and Zs from the other, as well as the other way around. You XOR them together correctly, and you get a parity that when `1`, the strings anticommute. So the `not` on l.126 was actually correct, and just needs to be added to the generic implementation as well.

Author: Ah yeah you're right. Thanks, I'll fix it. I made this change too quickly.
